docs/python: explain format parameter (#306119)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/languages-frameworks/python.section.md

  from `build-system.requires` to `build-system`. Note that the pyproject
  format falls back to using `setuptools`, so you can use `pyproject = true`
  even if the package only has a `setup.py`. When set to `false`, you can
  use the existing [hooks](#setup-hooks) or provide your own logic to build and install the
  package. This can be useful for packages that don't support the pyproject
  format. When unset, the legacy `setuptools` hooks are used for backwards
  compatibility, however, this behavior can be modified with the `format` parameter.

> * `format`: If `pyproject` is set to true, this will default to `"pyproject"`. If

Author: technically, format is ignored if `pyproject` is set
```suggestion
* `format`: If `pyproject` is set to true, this value will be set to `"pyproject"`. If
```

  `pyproject` is set to false, `format` will be set to `"other"`. If `pyproject`

>   is unset, `format` allows for these following values:

Author: There's a bit of overlap between the descriptions of `pyproject` and `format`. Wasn't sure the best way to remedy the duplication.

Reviewer: Is `format` deprecated?

Author: only in the sense that pyproject is the where the community is heading. There's still a long tail of packages which haven't adopted PEP517
